[tune] Fix github readme (#9365)
ray-project/ray: README.rst

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pip install ray[tune]

> This example runs a parallel grid search to train a Convolutional Neural Network using PyTorch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example runs a parallel grid search to optimize an example objective function
```

Author: great catch!
